So, I'm going to talk about DIP PLC
, which has a few sort of slightly surprising properties to it
.
It's a slightly confusing system.
What does it mean?
A self-authenticating decentralized identifier, which is strongly
consistent, recoverable, and has key rotation.
Okay, so four things.
Strongly consistent, recoverable, self-authenticating
, and key rotation.
And the slightly weird thing about this is, it does have
all these properties, but not all at the same time.
As far as I'm aware, it's technically impossible to
have all these properties at the same time.
Let me explain what I mean.
So, what do we mean when we say self-auth
enticating?
We mean that you can look at the data, and you
can confirm it's valid without looking at anything else.
Okay, so the classic example is an IPFS document.
If you have the ID of an IPFS document, that
is a hash.
So, if somebody you don't trust it gives you the
document, you can then recreate that hash and make sure that
it's correct.
Okay?
So, how does this look in DIP PLC?
Well, when you first create a new account in DIP
PLC, it's exactly like that, right?
So, for your first account, you make a document.
You put in, for example, your blue sky handle,
your PDS, a load of other stuff, and you
put in the key that's going to control this account.
This is called the rotation key, and you take the hash
of this document, and that hashes your ID.
Okay?
So, this is exactly like IPFS, self-auth
enticating content address.
Then, if you want to make a change, what we
're going to do is we're going to replace maybe one
of the, maybe replace the handle, replace one of the
fields in there, and then we're going to sign it
with the key that we stated in that previous update.
Okay?
So, this is also cryptographically verifiable.
This is also basically self-authenticating, assuming you
've got the whole chain.
If I want to check this, I can check the signature
on this second one.
I can then check that it matches the key in the first
one, and then I can check the hash of the first
one.
So, I can authenticate the whole chain.
I don't need to ask anybody else.
Okay?
But we also have this property of key rotation.
So, what happens when we want to rotate the key?
So, the first thing we're going to do is we
're going to make a new document with our new key that
we want to change, and we're going to sign it
with our old key.
Okay?
And then, once we've done that, we can now
sign all our future updates with the new key.
And as far for normal key rotation, that means that it
doesn't matter what happens to the old key.
Okay?
We can leak that on the internet if we like.
It doesn't matter.
It's rotated out.
You do this because you no longer trust the old key.
Okay?
So, that's what we've done.
The problem is, what happens if somebody does this?
If somebody takes the old key, and they put an update
chained on top of one of my early updates, and
they pretend that these later updates didn't happen.
Okay?
So, if you have this situation where somebody is in control
of one of your old keys, this is no longer self
-authenticating.
Okay?
It's no longer self-authenticating because we did
key rotation.
So, we've got these kind of really different properties.
Even though we all have dids, and they look the
same, different dids have really fundamentally different security properties.
Some dids, your initial document is self-authent
icating a content address.
Okay?
The one that you then updated is also self-authent
icating.
Okay?
Right down at the other end, if you've rotated your
key and the earlier key has leaked, then this is not
at all self-authenticating.
Okay?
And then in the middle, there's this situation that a
lot of people who have migrated their PDS are in,
where you have the key in your history, but that key
hasn't leaked.
Right?
So, if you're on Blue Sky, you've probably
got their rotation key in your history, but that key,
as far as we know, is still secure.
So, there is only one chain of your identity, but
we don't know what will happen in future.
So, this situation at the top is very, very blessed
.
Right?
This is wonderful.
This is just like, this has the same security as,
like, an IPFS hash or a Bitcoin or an Ethereum
address or, for example, a Nostra ID.
So, if you run into, like, a Nost
ra enthusiast who is concerned about, like, I heard
about this central server that I'm going to talk to you
about.
You can tell them, if you are happy with the N
ostra feature set, right?
Because the way they do it in Nostra is just
don't do key rotation.
You just don't lose your key.
If you're happy with the Nostra feature set,
you can have Nostra-style security with DIP
PLC.
Right?
But once you use this feature set, in certain circumstances that
are kind of out of our control, we then lose this
security property and we end up with kind of a really differently
secured system.
So, right down at the bottom, we're not self
-authenticating.
We've got Sadako crawling out of our TV screens.
Our DID is cursed.
We can no longer verify just by looking at it whether it
's correct or not.
Okay?
So, the solution in DIP PLC is to use
a trusted sequencer.
So, the job of a sequencer is to say,
this is when this update was published.
And since I know that this one was published earlier, I
then know that the evil one that we did later is invalid
.
Right?
So, they can choose the canonical chain and the correct way
to resolve your ID.
And there's another slightly confusing thing about the DIP PL
C system, which is that this server actually has two jobs
.
And they're really, really different jobs and have kind of
really different properties.
So, it's a sequencer, but it's also
a data publisher.
And you didn't have to do these together, right?
These are fundamentally different things.
They could have been...
They're different roles.
They could have been done differently.
And they have really different implications.
Okay.
So, what happens if this trusted server goes rogue?
And you might think, okay, why is it going to
go rogue?
I'll give you one example of what I mean by rogue
.
So, we had this issue in Turkey where there was a
legal proceeding in Turkey that said that Blue Sky had to ban
some Turkish dissidents.
Okay?
And they didn't do this at the level of the directory
.
They did this just at the level of their PDS.
But what this shows us is these well-meaning people
, they are not in the tank for the prime minister of
Turkey.
Right?
But well-meaning people can have pressure put on them
to do things that they would not necessarily want to do.
Okay?
Because they live in the real world.
If they didn't do that, they couldn't change planes
in Istanbul.
And potentially, for example, the Blue Sky app would be
banned from the App Store, at the very least in Turkey
and potentially everywhere else.
Okay?
So, there's now a plan which, until today,
I thought was a good plan, to go with a separate
organization.
And just thinking about my own talk, I realize it may
not be a good plan.
To go with a separate organization that's going to run the
directory, there's going to be a board of trustworthy people
on this, you know, on this board in control of
it.
And they're genuinely, you know, as far as I
can tell, trustworthy people.
So, let's assume that we succeed in the task of
keeping psychopaths off this board, which is an unsolved
problem in, like, human governance, right?
So, generally, you know, the first generation may not
have psychopaths, but they seem to somehow get there.
But let's assume that they're all honest, well-
meaning people, and they care about Proto.
Let's look at a similar example.
Private universities in the United States have a kind of a similar
governance structure.
And they're actually a really good case for this kind of
So, if you're trying to govern a private university in
the US, you've got a bunch of alumni who really
care about the institution, right?
They really care about the school.
And if they don't care about that, they care about
their own personal reputations.
So, this is a really good case for this governance that
we're doing with PLC directory.
But what happened was that the Trump administration put pressure on them
and took a bunch of things that they cared about hostage,
right?
So, they said, "If you don't do the
things that we want, that we don't normally have the
rights to make you do, we are going to cancel grants
that your researchers are due.
We're going to cancel the visas of overseas students at your
university." So, these people were put in this dilemma where
they can have the policies that they think they can have,
or they can compromise.
And if they compromise, then they're going to end up
hurting far fewer people than if they do what they're being
told to do.
So, ultimately, what, for example, Columbia and a
lot of other universities did was they threw trans people and Palestine
protesters under the bus to protect the majority of their institution,
okay?
So, if you think about this with AppProto,
if you care about AppProto, there are all kinds
of ways that people can put pressure on you, right?
Can you get AppProto apps into the App Store?
Are you going to have network level blocks of the PLC
directory?
All kinds of things that you could do that will potentially put
a dilemma on the people who are governing this structure, even
if they're well-meaning people, and cause them
to do something that we may not think is what the social
contract would tell them to do, okay?
So, let's assume they go rogue.
Can we just do things?
Because I've got my client, right?
It's free software.
We've got our relays.
We know anybody can run the relays.
We've got our own PDSs.
There's nothing that says that we have to look at the
PLC directory.
We can do what we like.
So, if I've got a self-authentic
did, this is probably actually okay.
So, here's what we can do.
Somebody can set up the too hot for PLC directory.
The records that are being messed with by the PLC directory
, what we can do is we can query the PLC
directory.
We can look at our own data, and if the PL
C directory refuses to answer for that record or if it's
done some weird -- well, no, if it's refusing
to answer or if it's not giving us the whole chain
of updates that we've got, then we can just serve
what we've got, okay?
And the great thing about this is we don't really need
consensus to do this, right?
We can have, like, bitterly, mutually detesting
factions of that proto, and you can make your directory and
I can make my directory, but since this is self-
authentic data we're looking at, we're ultimately
all going to get to the same result, right?
As long as we share the data, we can all get
to the same result.
So, we have this property that we wanted.
I don't know if we still have strong consistency.
I think we do.
The problem is, okay, what about the sequencing part?
Because the sequencing part is something where only the directory is allowed
to make a decision, right?
And so, the sequencing -- it's making a decision about
what time did I receive this update?
And somebody else may honestly get that update at a different time
.
So, sequencing requires us to just have this single directory,
and that's why it's designed like this, okay?
So, we can do things, but we all need to
move together.
We need to do, like, a flag day.
We need to all say, like, from this day onwards
, we're using somebody else for the directory.
So, can we do that?
Maybe we can.
There are some sort of favorable precedents.
So, this happens in free software all the time, right
?
So, Oracle took over OpenOffice and did all kinds
of nasty Oracle-type things.
And the developers and the users of OpenOffice just kind
of all got together and decided to use a different project,
different GitHub repo, different brand.
And everybody moved to LibreOffice, and basically,
nobody uses OpenOffice anymore.
Same thing with some blockchain systems.
So, Steam was one where there was this thing where the
developers of a protocol, for some reason that I don't
quite understand, had particular rights to do things to the protocol
.
And Steam got bought up by Justin Sun, who is this
kind of crypto-comedy villain.
And the community, both the developers and the user, didn
't want this, so they forked the project to H
ive.
They said, from this point in the history, like,
from like 10 o'clock tomorrow, we're going to
use our own version of the software.
We're going to take out all the special privileges that Justin
Sun would have had, and we're going to carry on
.
And they did that, and it worked.
And it's often been done, and it's often worked
.
So, what have we got to do to replace a malfunction
ing PLC directory?
We all have to recognize the problem, okay?
We have to agree a new person who's going to run
it, and we have to get a snapshot of the directory
from some point in time, when we're going to switch
over and start using the new one.
So, the first problem is, do we agree that it
broke, right?
So, ideally, the rogue directory would say, we're
going rogue, right?
We're going to screw you all over.
This is now the wrong picture.
This should be-- it's Filippo here.
This should be Filippo.
Anyway, ideally, they will actually announce that they're going
to screw us over.
But the problem is, they're the adversary, right?
They're not trying to be helpful to us.
And the adversary gets to pick the battle, right?
So, if their goal is, let's say that they
've decided there are a bunch of bad actors actors on App
Roto.
And they need to get these bad actors out of the directory
so that they can get AppRoto's spreading properly in
corporate environments, which are stubbornly resistant, whatever they want
to do, right?
They get to set the precedents, so they can re
org out Jesse Single.
I don't know if you're familiar with this guy.
There's a guy who's really, really unpopular on
Blue Sky.
He writes nasty things about trans people.
Blue Sky users are always badgering Blue Sky to ban
this person.
And Blue Sky is saying, well, he hasn't actually
violated the terms of service, so we can't.
If you do something that, to me, looks rogue but
is reorg out Jesse Single, this is very popular among
Blue Sky users.
Another thing they can do is they can pick at the fact
ional fault lines.
So, right now, we're at this very blessed time
of a new decentralized community where basically everybody's friends.
And you can just see here and there the little green shoots
of what in the future will be a vast forest of bitter
factional grudges.
And they can work on these, right?
You know, they can do something to somebody who's a
bad guy to one of the factions and the other faction loves
us.
Because what they've got to do here is they've got
to prevent us from forming consensus.
And it's much, much harder to form a consensus than
it is to disrupt the consensus.
Forming consensus is really hard.
So, if we're trying to form a consensus about we
're going to move over to this guy because of this problem
, they get to pick at those fault lines and make it
hard for us.
Okay, next problem is, do we have an up-
to-date mirror?
So, right now, there's loads of really good work
going on in Blue Sky and outside Blue Sky to make it
really easy to run a mirror of the PLC directory.
So, ideally, what happens here is, you know,
loads and loads of people have got their own mirrors.
People aren't really relying too much on the PLC directory
.
But in any case, we can always get the latest data
and we can say, from this point in time, we
're not using the old directory, we're using the new
directory.
Okay?
The problem is that they're the adversary, right?
They're not trying to help us.
And our ability to get this mirror is dependent on the adversary
.
So, if you look at what any organization does before it
screws the users over, the number one thing, day zero
of initialification, is to dismantle the accountability mechanisms,
right?
Dismantle anything that will give your users the ability
to exit.
So, for example, if you're Instagram or Reddit or
Twitter, then you're going to turn off your API.
This happens before the actual, like, the algorithms go to
shit and your application experience becomes useless.
First, you turn off the APIs and then you wait a
bit.
And that way, nobody else has got a way to help
you exit, to give you an alternative.
Another example.
Week one of the Trump administration, on the first Friday night
, he fired the 17th inspector general, who were supposed
to be the independent observers who would hold him accountable for corruption
in his administration.
If you're actually going to do corruption, you remove the
things that will hold you accountable for corruption.
Okay?
So, what would it look like?
Well, the mirrors just sort of stopped working on a Friday
night, you know?
Nobody seems to be able to pull from them anymore, don
't know what's going on.
I'm hitting this end point.
It's not working.
It's working for me.
It's not working for you.
You know, you get somebody to answer on a Tuesday and
they'll say, "Oh, we're looking into it
.
You know, maybe waste our time a little bit.
Give us, like, a URL for some log files so
they see if you can help, you know, see if
you can diagnose the problem." And it's like eight ter
abytes of just irrelevant log files, you know?
They've got all the cards here.
Another thing they can do is they can spam the mirrors to
death because one of the amazing things about this system is that
it's designed to kind of hold infinity records.
Like, there's no cost to writing to it.
The only limitation on putting loads of stuff in the PLC
directory is that the operator is doing some rate limiting on,
like, IPs and PDSs and stuff like that
.
But in theory, as far as I know, everything is
supposed to go in there.
So, they can allow other people spam in there.
They can turn off the rate limiting until the mirrors fall over
.
They can also create their own spam.
And the great thing about creating your own spam is you can
do this deterministically from a secret seed.
The mirrors have to hold all the data to have a complete
set.
You don't even have to hold the data.
All you need is your seed and a serial number, and
you can serve it.
So, they've got all the cards when it comes to
, like, spamming the mirrors and just making it impossible
for people to hold them accountable.
Okay.
So, what can we do to mitigate this?
I should be clear these aren't quite solutions, but they
will help.
So, we can run lots of mirrors, right?
And this is something that's already, like, already happening
a little bit.
So, we can – when we write, instead of writing
to the PLC directory, we can write to the mirror
and have the mirror keep a log and share what they write
, and then forward that on to the directory.
So, that way, if the directory isn't giving us
all its data, we should still kind of maybe be able
to piece some of it together.
Try to get consensus on what the mirrors are actually showing us
.
So, if the mirroring stops working on a Friday,
we want also – we at least want to know that as
of Thursday, we all know what it should be showing.
There's then some technical things that I'll come to.
This is really important.
We need to figure out what is the social contract to did
PLC and get this really clear and get this clear as
soon as we possibly can.
Like, I read the spec with my crypto brain, and
it talks about avoiding censorship.
And to my – like, in crypto, like, if
you're preventing a ransomware payment from going to Kim Jong
-un, that's censorship.
But, like, I don't know what the rest of
the app proto community thinks about this.
Like, is it the job of the PLC directory to
accommodate everybody, you know, spammers, scammers,
malware authors?
Are they all supposed to go in there or not?
Like, what's the deal?
What happens to, you know, child porn or accounts linking
to child porn?
What is the actual job of this directory?
What is it that would tell us if it was going rogue
?
I don't know if that's clear to some people.
It's not clear to me.
So – and the later we leave this, the harder it
is to figure it out, not least because we'll have
all the factional squabbling.
So some more things – some practical things you can do.
Keep your ID self-authenticating, right?
So remember I said earlier we had the blessed dids where
you could fully validate just from available data, and we had
the cursed dids with Sadako crawling out of your TV
screen, where we potentially had a fork in the timeline,
or we had, like, potentially somebody could create a data
fork in the timeline.
So if you keep your own rotation key, if, when
you sign up, you make your own – make your own
rotation key, write down the seed phrase or whatever you do
, and don't lose that, you probably never need to
change it, right?
I mean, you know, Nostra doesn't do
rotation keys, it seems like a – there's an obvious
pattern if you're using most out-processed stuff where
you feel like you register on Blue Sky first, and then
you move to whatever PDS you were hoping to stick with
.
It's better if you can just go straight to the PD
S, and that way you don't have this rotation key
in your history that is controlled by Blue Sky.
I don't quite – okay, I put don't use
it.
This is a slightly too strong a case, but there's
this – remember we had recoverable in the four features.
So there's this feature in DIP PLC where if
you have a high-profile, like a high-
priority rotation key and a low-priority
rotation key, you can cancel the actions of the low priority
one with the high priority one.
And this is sort of useful, but it automatically creates this
fork in your dead, right?
It automatically causes Sadako to come crawling out of your TV
screen and reduces your – the security properties of your account.
So, one more thing.
If you are hosting PDSs for somebody else, a
dead rotation key is toxic waste, right?
Plan the life cycle of your rotation keys.
If you use – I don't know if this is still
true, but when I tried it – if you use the
stock PDS that Blue Sky provided, it will set one
rotation key for all your users.
And that means that if one of your users moves off your
PDS, then you still can't delete it because you
need it for other users.
It would be better to do what we do with the signing
keys and create it when they sign up and then delete it
if they move off, okay?
So, all this just makes it – it makes the individual
user safer, but it also means that in the case where
we have to do this switch from a rogue PLC directory
, we have far less ambiguous data that we have to somehow
deal with.
So, okay.
Let me talk a bit about ways that this can be more
robust.
And the first one I'm very pleased to say is happening
.
This is really cool.
So, T-logs.
We heard from Filippo earlier about T-logs
.
This should make it much more reliable to mirror.
We can all tell that we've got the same mirror quite
easily.
We can quite easily sync up on the same thing.
And we've got like a log of the history of what
the sequence actually sequenced.
So, this is really important.
We can have loads of people with like very lightweight devices ver
ifying that that log is being appended to and not like
reorg, as I understand it.
And we can also have people run monitors who check that the
rules are actually correctly applied.
So, this is already great and it will really help.
Ideally, we will push this as far down the stack as
we possibly can.
So, ideally, if the directory stops cooperating with the
system, we want stuff to break.
But this is the problem of having this kind of single position
of authority.
They've got the official organization.
They've got the single right privileges.
The problem with this is they have the ability to just kind
of turn that stuff off, right?
Because if you're a developer, you know, you've
got a choice between no records and invalid records.
What are you going to do, right?
Unless we can really, really quickly coordinate this flag and move
to a new directory.
And this is the difference with how certificate transparency works with certificate
authorities, right?
With like certificate transparency for SSL certificates.
Because there, if you have a bad certificate authority that refuses
to participate in the or breaks its participation in the scheme,
which apparently does sometimes happen, your users can always get a
certificate from another authority.
But this is specifically the power that we don't have,
at least in protocol in this system.
You cannot move sequencer in didplc.
All we can do is try to coordinate this incredible flag day
.
There's a proposal a while back by Nick, who's
someone you know, to make it possible to choose your directory
.
I don't think this allows you to escape from a bad
directory, but I think it potentially really helps.
So that instead of having this single privileged position of the did
plc directory that is in charge of didplc,
you potentially have a bunch of different operators.
So I really like this.
And then, finally, I'm going to talk about some
decentralized consensus approaches.
So there are two serious problems with decentralized consensus for this application
and for a lot of approach applications.
The first is that, like, in the American culture wars
, everything must have a side.
And apparently, like, an open validator set is MA
GA-coded nowadays, right?
So, like, you can't say blockchain.
You know, you have to kind of reinvent blockchain but not
tell people.
So there's that problem.
And then the other problem is writing to a decentralized ledger
generally costs you money.
And the reason why it costs you money is because it needs
to somehow manage spam, right?
So if you don't want to put anybody in charge of
deciding what is a legitimate transaction, and also if you want
to preserve the ability to mirror the entire dataset, then the
only way I think that anybody knows is to charge money to
write.
So a couple of approaches.
Well, there's a BFT system that somebody wrote.
I think a lot of this stuff could probably be rewritten
in the light of T-logs.
But there's a BFT suggestion using Comet BFT
.
I haven't looked very hard at it, but it's
maybe interesting.
A couple of ideas by me.
The idea here is if we're going to use a blockchain
, we want to have to avoid writing to it all the
time.
And we especially want to avoid regular users having to write to
it.
So a couple of things.
P2P guardrails.
This is a suggestion where, firstly, you can change your
sequencer.
So if the directory is bad, you can escape.
Secondly, if the sequencer refuses to sequence something for you
, then you or somebody on your behalf can send it to
the blockchain and we can read it off there.
And finally, we do some reorg protection based on kind
of T-log-like checksums so that you can
prove that you previously had something already accepted and that it shouldn
't be reorg'd.
And then finally, this one, didcow.
This is a proposal for a new kind of did.
And actually, what set me thinking about this was I saw
that people are trying to do organizational control of dids.
So, for example, you've got a decentralized organization,
you've got a bunch of different people, and they all
want to share control in some way of a did.
And this is something that some of the blockchain tooling does really
, really well.
So I thought it would be useful if you had kind of
an explicitly kind of blockchain oriented way of doing this.
And the proposal is very simply, you make an ID with
the controller blockchain address that wraps your regular ID.
You don't have to do a blockchain transaction to write this
because if there's nothing on the blockchain, we're just
going to use the thing that was in your address.
And then if you want to move your wrapped ID, let
's say you lose trust in did PLC, or you
want to move from a cursed PLC entry to a non
-cursed one, or you want to move to a
did web or a different did web, whatever you want to
do, you can repoint this one with a blockchain transaction
.
Okay, so that's all I got.
I've put links for all the technical things I talked about
up here, and I've also pinned this to my profile
on GoatNavy on Blue Sky.
That clock says one minute, but we actually have a couple
of minutes.
So do we have any questions?
And actually, no, first, thank you.
This was amazing.
Okay.
So why don't we just all use did webs and then
push the fight to the DNS layer?
Yeah.
If you'd asked me that a year ago, I would
have said we should all use did webs.
But at that time, I had very naive assumptions about the
nation state governed liberal institutions like, with a did web,
everything is under a registrar, which is under a nation
state.
And it seems like nation states will turn to fascism even
within like a three year time span or something.
So I don't feel like that confident, like having a
did web for the next 20 years.
If it was five years, I'm kind of cool with
the did web.
So yeah.
So I think for long term, there's that.
And then the practical problem with did web is just that people
have a hard time not losing their control of their own of
their domain.
And also that the registrar will keep putting the price up
with the domain as well.
Hi.
Thank you for all of the list of things we can do
to screw everybody over.
No.
Okay.
Seriously.
Speaking of my personal capacity.
But okay.
So homework.
Sounds like we should make the policies for what is and isn
't going to go in explicit so they will bind us for
the future.
Yes.
We should like Tlogs are good.
I saw here.
And maybe considered Tlog witnesses, Tlog mirrors, T
log monitors.
Well monitors are permissionless.
But witnesses.
Anything else?
Right.
So apart from kind of changing the whole system.
Actually, one thing that occurred to me the other day was
it would make more sense to separate out the reading and the
sequencing.
Right?
So if you are writing that Tlog, you don't
necessarily need to be running the directory.
Does that make sense?
Right?
You need your own version of the directory and you give proof
s to people when they asked to write to it.
But anybody could be running those directories.
And I think it would be really useful if we could just
avoid this social point of like the PLC directory, which
is clearly like the dictator of all things PLC.
That would really help.
So like at least potentially, you know, maybe have different
organizations.
Maybe Blue Sky should keep PLC directory and you should just
do sequencing at the non-profit.
And the non-sequencing part here is just a read
-only service that makes things available.
Is that right?
Well, actually, I mean, there's a couple of
ways to do it.
One way to do it would be just to do timestamps
.
So you would literally get a message and say, "What
time did I give you this message?" And then you give
it back to them with a signature.
But I think you could do something similar with the T log
, like some feature of T logs.
Yeah, I think the T log equivalent is a read-
only replica, which can also choose to the set of witnesses
that signed that T log.
But that can be done permissionlessly.
Like anybody can spin one of those up downstream.
Anybody can spring up a mirror.
But what I want to communicate here is that the switching over
from the PLC, like the PLC, it's
a social arrangement, just as much as a technical arrangement,
right?
So who do people think runs the PLC?
And this is why earlier I said, like, until I
was practicing this talk, I thought it was a good idea
to move to a new organization.
And now I don't, because the new organization will actually
have much more authority than the old organization.
Like, if I look at those really good social recovery operations
, they're all against some evil corporation.
So we can we can totally paint blue sky as an evil
corporation, and like organize this social recovery to foil their evil
plans.
But like with a Swiss organization that's, you know,
it's...
Worse reputation is that better.
You have to wear, you have to wear hoods with
the robes with hoods, basically.
And then yeah, okay.
Let's take two more.
Anybody else?
Well, this is maybe going into the weeds a bit too
much.
But I'm curious why the did cow proposal didn't have
included chain ID, if I understand correctly, the address is
a smart contract.
That's correct.
The reason why it didn't include a chain ID was big
was two reasons.
Firstly, it's already quite long.
And secondly, the big burden, I think actually, of
those two proposals, and also probably the reason why the guard
rails proposal is actually obviously dead in the water, is
that you need a, you need an RPC endpoint,
right?
You need a connection to the block, a reconnection to
the blockchain to resolve anything.
So if we have lots of other chains there, then whoever
is resolving this has got to have lots of different working R
PC endpoints.
So I'm kind of like, okay, what's the
simplest thing that could work?
You know, one RPC, no chain ID.
Okay.
Any other questions?
Thank you for closing out the conference with this particular talk.
Thanks for having me.
Okay.
Thank you again.